Reward - Using Kudos (#135)
exoplatform/exo-documentation: docs/UsingKudos.rst

.. _UsingKudos:

############
Using Kudos
############

General information about kudos
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> You can express your recognition to your colleagues by sending them kudos in order to thank them for their help, contributions or good work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can express your recognition to your colleagues by sending them kudos when you want to thank them for their help, contributions or good work.
```

> You have a limited number of kudos to send per period of time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have a limited number of kudos to send per period of time (week, month or quarter). 
```

> You can send a limited number of kudos to per period of time (week, month, quarter or year). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can send a limited number of kudos per period of time (week, month, quarter or year). 
```

> You have a limited number of kudos to send per period of time (week, month, quarter or year). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can send a limited number of kudos to per period of time (week, month, quarter or year). 
```

> If you don't use the kudos during the current period, you will not be able to use them in the next one. They are not cumulated with the number of kudos you are allowed to use in the new period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kudos to send expire at the end of the period if you didn’t send them. Also, they can’t be cumulated with kudos you received. Thus, you can’t keep kudos for yourself they are give-only tokens of recognition.
```

> Kudos to send expire at the end of the period if you didn’t send them. Also, they can’t be cumulated with kudos you received. Thus, you can’t keep kudos for yourself they are give-only tokens of recognition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kudos to send expire at the end of the period if you didn’t send them. Also, they can’t be cumulated with kudos you received. Thus, kudos are give-only tokens of recognition and you can’t keep them for yourself. You have to earned them from others.
```

> Both the number of kudos and periodicity are determined by the administrator of the platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both the number of kudos and periodicity of reset are defined by the administrator of the platform.
```

> Both the number of kudos and periodicity of reset are defined by the administrator of the platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both the number of kudos and period of reset are defined by the administrator of the platform.
```

> The receiver may be rewarded for the kudos he received if the administrator has enabled and configured the Kudos rewarding program. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When kudos are combined with their rewarding program, kudos received can be automatically converted into tokens of the eXo Wallet. 
```

> When kudos are combined with the rewarding program, kudos received can be automatically converted into tokens in the eXo Wallet. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When kudos are combined with the rewarding program, they can be automatically converted into tokens in the eXo Wallet. 
```

> When kudos are combined with their rewarding program, kudos received can be automatically converted into tokens of the eXo Wallet. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When kudos are combined with the rewarding program, kudos received can be automatically converted into tokens in the eXo Wallet. 
```

How to send kudos
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can send kudos from the following locations:

- The user profile

|image0|

- The popover of user from different activities

|image1|

- An activity posted by the user

|image2|

- A comment posted by the user 

|image3|

> When you click on the icon to send a kudos, a popover is displayed containing the details of the kudos you already sent during the current period and the number of remaining kudos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you click on the icon to send a kudos, a popover is displayed containing the details of the kudos you already sent and the number of remaining kudos for the current period.
```

.. _UsingKudos:

############
Using Kudos
############

General information about kudos
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> You can express your recognition to your colleagues by sending them kudos in order to thank them for their help, contributions and good work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can express your recognition to your colleagues by sending them kudos in order to thank them for their help, contributions or good work.
```

> You have a limited number of kudos that you are allowed to send per period of time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have a limited number of kudos to send per period of time. 
```

If you don't use the kudos during the current period, you will not be able to use them in the next one. They are not cumulated with the number of kudos you are allowed to use in the new period.
Both the number of kudos and periodicity are determined by the administrator of the platform.

> When you send a kudos you earn gamification points as well as the reciever. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
This depends of a gamification rule that can be disabled. I would not mention it here.

Author: Ok. I deleted it.

> The reciever may beneit of an amount of cauris thank to the recieved kudos if the administrator has configured the reward sending at the reception of the kudos. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The receiver may be rewarded for the kudos he received if the administrator has enabled and configured the Kudos rewarding program. 
```

How to send kudos
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> You can send kudos from the following emplacements of the platform:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can send kudos from the following locations:
```

> - The user's profile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The user profile
```

|image0|

- The popover of user from different activities

|image1|

- An activity posted by the user

|image2|

> - A comment written by the user 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A comment posted by the user 
```

|image3|

> When you click on the icon to send a kudos, a popover is displayed containing the details about the already sent kudos in the current period with and the left ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you click on the icon to send a kudos, a popover is displayed containing the details of the kudos you already sent during the current period wand the number of remaining kudos.
```

> You have to type in a text to explain the reason of this action:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When sending a kudos, you must leave a message so you can tell the reason for this kudos:
```

|image4|

> If you have no more kudos left for the current period, a warning message will be displayed in the popover as well as the information about the kudos you already sent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have no  kudos left for the current period, a warning message will be displayed in the popover as well as the information about the kudos you already sent.
```
